i
Hi, I'm a blog key , sometimes you're looking for
punto blogspot.com and in our channel
youtube birds educating today I'm
preparing something especially for
those who start the diet that
they are in their attack phase and that
course those first days are done
hard and we need some good dessert
this as you can see is an apple mousse
and raspberry and is has no
tolerated is perfect for these first
days of the diet and very easy to do
I will also tell you then what
are the ingredients to see if you like it and
you start doing the same
we will need a 0% apple yogurt
fat or sugar
and raspberry I've got these
that are with fruits you know we can
drink
from cruise phase 1 with fruits if
what are you going to do for the attack phase?
that does not have pieces of fruit if we go to
use a teaspoon sweetener to
each of the mousse of each
of the flavors and I also have here three
whites beaten to snow that I have
added sweetener if you want not to
add it if you put it later
directly to the dessert then we go to
prepare
we will also use a little bit of
a food coloring
and that if you want if not of course
do not do not put it on, then let's put
the apple yogurt as you see as you
I said this one has pieces of fruit I do not
I got the one that just flavored but from
many brands
I'm going to put a little bit of
sweet coloring
I'm going to put some yellow coloring
drops
Y
we will add it as I said
a teaspoon or a little less than
sweetener
this is so that the mousse has a
little bit more flavor
we mix it and now we're going to
adding the egg whites we will use half
so that it has the consistency we see that
We note that we are looking for is
very easy to see how you know what
we are doing with movements
envelopes
the good thing is that we have a taste
very soft
They have a very rich perfume
good to apples
very well then we are going to leave it
and we are going to prepare our kitchen gardens
in the same way let's put
please
it attracts a little bit of color if
you prefer we add a little more
Colorant
this one is raspberry and pomegranate
this yogurt
I'm going to put two or three drops of
Colorant
Being red is much more intense
right away it shows
and then we add the
clear
we're going to put it like the other one
little bit of sweetener
and let's mix
so now I had the idea of
put them in these
in these little boats where the
envelopes or
of news that are crystal
so that we have the illusion that it is
one of these delicious desserts
bought but good you can put it
in glasses where you like
What we can do is put
the two colors half and half I'll leave
to show how I'm going to do it
with the inclined bottle
I will go filling
so that when it comes to challenge it we
half of each color is left
look now we are going to clean the
little part above
but the idea is that
we have the dessert
of the two colors so we can go
eating at the same time a little bit of each one
See how easy good idea is now
prepare we have at least for
prepare four of these these desserts
Milestones and take them to the fridge and
enjoy them as I told you if you use the
yogurt that only flavored it
You can use from passional
enter our blog on our channel and
let us your comments know that you
it looked like this and see you in the next
no no